Add Instance pool (#11)
exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale: website/docs/r/instance_pool.html.markdown

---
layout: "exoscale"
page_title: "Exoscale: exoscale_instance_pool"
sidebar_current: "docs-exoscale-instance-pool"
description: |-
  Provides an Exoscale instance pool resource.
---

# exoscale\_instance\_pool

> Provides an Exoscale `instance pool` resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete instance pools.

Reviewer: We'll update the resource name with a link to the documentation article later once it's available, but in the meantime let's reserve usage of "`" for the code/conf-related terms.

```suggestion
Provides an Exoscale Instance Pool resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Instance Pools.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "exoscale_ssh_keypair" "key" {
  name = "terraform-mywebapp-keypair"
}

variable "zone" {
  default = "de-fra-1"
}

data "exoscale_compute_template" "mywebapp" {
  zone = "${var.zone}"
  name = "mywebapp"
  filter = "mine"
}

resource "exoscale_instance_pool" "webapp" {
  zone = "${var.zone}"
  name = "webapp"
  template_id = "${data.exoscale_compute_template.mywebbapp.id}"
  size = 3
  service_offering = "Medium"
  disk_size = 50
  description = "This is the production environment for my web app"
  user_data = "#cloud-config\npackage_upgrade: true\n"
  key_pair = "${exoscale_ssh_keypair.key.name}"

  security_group_ids = ["4d388ced-209d-4be4-932c-f99d14d6e3b9"]

>   network_ids = ["13ec3ed2-ec06-4061-9bd3-92bd0e3adebf"]

Reviewer: Please use real references to actual Security Group/Private Network resources such as `security_groups_ids = [${exoscale_security_group.web.id}]`, hardcoded IDs is a bad thing to suggest ;)

  timeouts {
    create = "10m"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `zone` - (Required) The name of the [zone][zone] to deploy the Compute instance into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zone` - (Required) The name of the [zone][zone] to deploy the instance pool into.
```

* `name` - (Required) The name of the instance pool.

> * `template_id` - (Required) The ID of the Compute instance [template][template]. Usage of the [`compute_template`][compute_template] data source is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `template_id` - (Required) The ID of the instance [template][template] to use when creating Compute instances. Usage of the [`compute_template`][compute_template] data source is recommended.
```

> * `size` - (Required) The number of instances in the instance pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `size` - (Required) The number of Compute instance members the pool manages.
```

> * `service_offering` - (Required) The Compute instance [size][size], e.g. `Tiny`, `Small`, `Medium`, `Large` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `service_offering` - (Required) The managed Compute instances [size][size], e.g. `Tiny`, `Small`, `Medium`, `Large` etc.
```

> * `disk_size` - The instances disk size from the instance pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disk_size` - The managed Compute instances disk size.
```

* `description` - The description of the instance pool.

> * `user_data` - A [cloud-init][cloudinit] configuration. Whenever possible don't base64-encode neither gzip it yourself, as this will be automatically taken care of on your behalf by the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `user_data` - A [cloud-init][cloudinit] configuration to apply when creating Compute instances. Whenever possible don't base64-encode neither gzip it yourself, as this will be automatically taken care of on your behalf by the provider.
```

> * `key_pair` - The name of the [SSH key pair][sshkeypair] to be installed on each instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_pair` - The name of the [SSH key pair][sshkeypair] to install when creating Compute instances.
```

* `security_group_ids` - A list of [Security Group][sg] IDs.
* `network_ids` - A list of [Private Network][net] IDs.

[template]: https://www.exoscale.com/templates/
[zone]: https://www.exoscale.com/datacenters/
[size]: https://www.exoscale.com/pricing/#/compute/
[sshkeypair]: https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/compute/ssh-keypairs/
[cloudinit]: http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[compute_template]: ../d/compute_template.html
[net]: https://community.exoscale.com/documentation/compute/private-networks/

## Import

> An existing Compute instance can be imported as a resource by name or ID. Importing an instance pool imports the `exoscale_instance_pool` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An existing instance pool can be imported as a resource by name or ID. Importing an instance pool imports the `exoscale_instance_pool` resource.
```

Author: 👍
